---
layout: post.njk
permalink: posts/2025-03-21.html
title: "CHI 2025 workshop paper acceptance + website update"
date: 2025-03-21
tags:
    - update
    - research
---
Happy second day of spring! It's funny, Ann Arbor hit 72°F/22°C on the last day of winter, and then it snowed on the first day of spring. Still, I'm thankful for the warmer months ahead -- I always forget how badly seasonal depression affects me until the sun comes back out. 

### In research news:
I am happy to announce that **Trans Resistance to AI Technologies** (my workshop paper co-authored by <a href="https://oliverhaimson.com" target="blank"><b>Oliver L. Haimson</b></a> and <a href="https://michaelannethomas.com" target="blank"><b>Michaelanne Thomas</b></a>) has been accepted to the CHI 2025 "Resisting AI Solutionism" workshop! Will update this post with more details as they come -- in the meantime, I am deeply thankful for the opportunity to attend CHI '25 with my peers (˶ˆᗜˆ˵) 

### In personal news:
I've had a decent week so far! Some ups and some downs (such is life), but there's plenty to be happy about. Spoke with a good friend about rock formations and *Star Trek* (which Star Trek movie is your favourite? Mine is *The Voyage Home*), had a good time at karaoke, and accomplished the most urgent tasks on my to-do list (now to finish everything else!). I'm also preparing a guest lecture for my advisor's class next week -- I'm a little nervous about speaking in front of so many students, but am also excited for the learning experience ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ

### In website news: 
I finally installed <a href="https://github.com/feimosi/baguetteBox.js" target="blank"><b>baguetteBox.js</b></a> (a lightbox script that adds mobile-friendly image galleries, image captions, and responsive image support) to my website! Images should load more quickly on this website from now on; full-resolution images in blog posts should now be visible in "gallery view." Improving image handling has been a big website goal for a while now, happy to finally have that out of the way. Many, many thanks to my friend <a href="https://github.com/tflexsoom" target="blank"><b>Tristan Hilbert</b></a> for helping me troubleshoot the installation (^◡^)